Update IAST requirements with APM intake cost note (#38594)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/security/code_security/iast/setup/_index.md

1. **Datadog Agent Installation:** The Datadog Agent is installed and configured for your application's operating system or container, cloud, or virtual environment.
2. **Supported SDK:** The Datadog SDK used by your application or service supports Runtime Code Analysis (IAST) capabilities for the language of your application or service. For more details, see the **Compatibility Requirements** section below.

> <div class="alert alert-info">The Datadog Agent and SDK are the only requirements for IAST. APM tracing and Infrastructure Monitoring are not required; IAST reports findings independently of both. To disable APM or Infrastructure Monitoring, see <a href="#disable-apm-and-infrastructure-monitoring">Disable APM and Infrastructure Monitoring</a>. If APM is disabled, IAST may still generate some APM intake costs for data that supports IAST features, such as security traces and spans.</div>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<div class="alert alert-info">The Datadog Agent and SDK are the only requirements for IAST. APM tracing and Infrastructure Monitoring are not required; IAST reports findings independently of both. To disable APM or Infrastructure Monitoring, see <a href="#disable-apm-and-infrastructure-monitoring">Disable APM and Infrastructure Monitoring</a>. If APM is disabled, IAST may still generate some APM intake costs for data that support IAST features, such as security traces and spans.</div>
```

1. **Datadog Agent Installation:** The Datadog Agent is installed and configured for your application's operating system or container, cloud, or virtual environment.
2. **Supported SDK:** The Datadog SDK used by your application or service supports Runtime Code Analysis (IAST) capabilities for the language of your application or service. For more details, see the **Compatibility Requirements** section below.

<div class="alert alert-info">The Datadog Agent and SDK are the only requirements for IAST. APM tracing and Infrastructure Monitoring are not required; IAST reports findings independently of both. To disable APM or Infrastructure Monitoring, see <a href="#disable-apm-and-infrastructure-monitoring">Disable APM and Infrastructure Monitoring</a>. 
<br>

> If APM is disabled, some APM intake costs will still be present to support IAST features, including security traces and spans.</div>

Reviewer: Let me know if this works.

```suggestion
Even if APM is disabled, APM intake costs are still incurred for ingesting data, such as security traces and spans, to support IAST.</div>
```
